README.md, before:

# Rakugo ![Logo](graphics/window_icon.png)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/rakugo/badge/?version=latest)](https://rakugo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/support-pateron-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.patreon.com/jebedaia360)
[![The MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Discord Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/484604562183815169.svg?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/K9gvjdg)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/jebedaia360/Rakugo.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jebedaia360/Rakugo.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/jebedaia360/Rakugo.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo/network)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/badges/shields.svg?label=Watch&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/jebedaia360/Rakugo.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo/issues)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/jebedaia360/Rakugo.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo/issues)

Rakugo is framemork (inspired by [Ren'Py](https://www.renpy.org)) for story driven games in [Godot](https://godotengine.org)
or like my friend call it *Story Management Plugin*.

The idea is to have a ready to use plug-in for stories, so developers can create narrative driven games with all the amazing features and tools of Godot 3.1+.

Now you can support this project by [Patreon](https://www.patreon.com/jebedaia360).

You can download 1.0 for Godot 3.0 [here](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo/releases).

Now we are working on [Rakugo 2.0 for Godot 3.1](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo/issues/81) :D

## Showcase

Games using Rakugo v 0.9.x :
- [**Space drive beats**](https://plopsis.itch.io/space-drive-beats)
- [**Bot Saves Dream**](https://plopsis.itch.io/curator-bot)

If your game uses Rakugo write to me on [Discord](https://discord.gg/K9gvjdg).

## Story driven games

It means games that are for example:

- Visual Novels ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/VN-95%25-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)
- Click & Point Adventures ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adv-25%25-yellowgreen.svg?style=flat-square)
- RPG ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/RPG-40%25-green.svg?style=flat-square)

You can use it with:
- GDScript
- RakugoScript (ToDo)
- VisualScript (ToDo)

## FAQ:

**Q:** So it's about adding a refined writing and dialogue system to the engine? </p>
**A:** Yes, and more - nodes, objects and funcs to make easy to provide mechanics like in point&click and rpgs.

**Q:** As a scenarist, what would I gain from using Rakugo over Ren'Py or Twine ? </p>
**A:** It is made as godot addon - you can use all godot features.
You can make your game 2d, 2.5d or 3d - you can only 2d in Ren'Py.
You can easy add minigames or mix it with other game genre.
It will have mechanics for point&click games and rpgs - Ren'Py and Twine are only for vn.
This project's dialog functions can do more than Ren'Py's equivalents.

**Q:** How does the framework interact with the engine ? </p>
**A:** For now this framework is a singleton and a collection of special nodes. There is also gui include in example project that is connected with the framework and has all functions like in a Ren'Py game.

**Q:** Is it easy to use ?</p>
**A:** For now it is not that easy as I want it to be, but I am working to make it use RakugoScript (this framework's own language) and visual script.
For now here is example using GDScript: [examples/Test/test.gd](examples/Test/test.gd)

## Other Info

If you want to help please write to us on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/K9gvjdg).

Docs repo is here: https://github.com/jebedaia360/RakugoDocs

I need help with this [visual script support](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo/issues/26).

- [Godot icons](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-design/tree/master/engine/icons/optimized)
- [Linux Pop icon theme](https://github.com/pop-os/icon-theme)
- icons from [game-icons.net](https://game-icons.net)

New emoji mode use [![Creative Commons](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC0%201.0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) [Twemoji](https://twemoji.twitter.com/).

Commit message:

Clean up, new Rakugo, add 3d example

README.md, after:

# Rakugo The Question ![Logo](graphics/window_icon.png)
[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/rakugo/badge/?version=latest)](https://rakugo.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)
[![Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/support-pateron-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](https://www.patreon.com/jebedaia360)
[![The MIT License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)
[![Discord Server](https://img.shields.io/discord/484604562183815169.svg?style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/K9gvjdg)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question/network)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/badges/shields.svg?label=Watch&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question/issues)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/issues-closed/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question/issues)

## This Repo

This is repo for VN Rakugo Template.
This template is port of Ren'Py game [*The Question*](https://games.renpy.org/game/question).

## Rakugo it Self

[Rakugo](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo) is framework (inspired by [Ren'Py](https://www.renpy.org)) for story driven games in [Godot](https://godotengine.org)
or like my friend call it *Story Management Plugin*.

The idea is to have a ready to use plug-in for stories, so developers can create narrative driven games with all the amazing features and tools of Godot 3.1+.

Now you can support this project by buing it on [itch.io](https://jebedaia.itch.io/rakugo).

You can download 2.0 for Godot 3.1 [here](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question/releases).

## Showcase

Games using Rakugo v 0.9.x :
- [**Space drive beats**](https://plopsis.itch.io/space-drive-beats)
- [**Bot Saves Dream**](https://plopsis.itch.io/curator-bot)

If your game uses Rakugo write to me on [Discord](https://discord.gg/K9gvjdg).

## Story driven games

It means games that are for example:

- Visual Novels ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/VN-100%25-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)
- Click & Point Adventures ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adv-25%25-yellowgreen.svg?style=flat-square)
- RPG ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/RPG-40%25-green.svg?style=flat-square)

You can use it with:
- GDScript
- RakugoScript (ToDo)
- VisualScript (ToDo)

## FAQ:

**Q:** So it's about adding a refined writing and dialogue system to the engine? </p>
**A:** Yes, and more - nodes, objects and funcs to make easy to provide mechanics like in point&click and rpgs.

**Q:** As a scenarist, what would I gain from using Rakugo over Ren'Py or Twine ? </p>
**A:** It is made as godot addon - you can use all godot features.
You can make your game 2d, 2.5d or 3d - you can only 2d in Ren'Py.
You can easy add minigames or mix it with other game genre.
It will have mechanics for point&click games and rpgs - Ren'Py and Twine are only for vn.
This project's dialog functions can do more than Ren'Py's equivalents.

**Q:** How does the framework interact with the engine ? </p>
**A:** For now this framework is a singleton and a collection of special nodes. There is also gui include in example project that is connected with the framework and has all functions like in a Ren'Py game.

**Q:** Is it easy to use ?</p>
**A:** For now it is not that easy as I want it to be, but I am working to make it use RakugoScript (this framework's own language) and visual script.

## Other Info

If you want to help please write to us on our [Discord](https://discord.gg/K9gvjdg).

Docs repo is here: https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-QuestionDocs

I need help with this [visual script support](https://github.com/jebedaia360/Rakugo-The-Question/issues/26).

- [Godot icons](https://github.com/godotengine/godot-design/tree/master/engine/icons/optimized)
- [Linux Pop icon theme](https://github.com/pop-os/icon-theme)
- icons from [game-icons.net](https://game-icons.net)

New emoji mode use [![Creative Commons](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-CC0%201.0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/) [Twemoji](https://twemoji.twitter.com/).
